Use Case UC-ACCT-03 Edit Account
ID:       UC-ACCT-03
Scope:    FitLife
Level:    User Goal
Stakeholders and Interests
    Customer
        -Wants to be able to edit username, password, email, and avatar
Pre-Conditions
    User is logged in
    User is at home page
Post-Condition
    User has edited desired detail
Main Success Scenario
    1. User navigates to their account settings
    2. System displays all account info
    3. User selects desired setting to change
    4. System handles the change
    5. System stores the changed setting
Extensions
    4a. User wishes to edit their email
        1. User enters their password to validate identity
            1a. User enters wrong password
                1. System displays an error message and asks user to re-enter their password
                2. System returns to step 4a-1
        2. User enters a the new email address
        3. System removes the email's association with the account
            3a. There are no more accounts associated with that email
                1. System removes that email from the database
        4. System associates the new email with the account
            4a. The email is not in the database
                1. The new email is added to the database
    4b. User wishes to edit their password
        1. System requests that the user enter their old password, and their new password twice
            1a. Old password does not match current password
                1. System displays an error message and returns to step 4b-1
            1b. The entries of the new password do not match
                1. System displays an error message and returns to step 4b-1
            1c. The user's new passwird does not meet the password requirements
                1. System displays an error message and returns to step 4b-1
            1d. The user's new password is the same as the user's old password
                1. System displays an error message and returns to step 4b-1
        2. System sets the user's new password
    4c. User wishes to edit their username
        1. User enters their password to validate identity
            1a. User enters wrong password
                1. System displays an error message and asks user to re-enter their password
                2. System returns to step 4c-1
        2. User enters a the new username
            2a. Entered username is already taken
                1. System displays an error message and returns to step 4c-2
        3. System removes the old username's association with the account
        4. System associates the new username with the account
    4d. User wishes to edit their avatar
        1. System requests the user to upload a file
        2. User uploads a file
            2a. Image file is an incorrect ratio
                1. System displays the image, with a box representing the appropriate image ratio
                2. System crops the image
        3. System deletes the account's previous avatar
        4. System sets the account's image to the uploaded avatar