Use Case UC-PLAN-01: Plan Workout

Scope: FitLife

Primary Actor: Registered User

Stakeholders and Interests:
    - Registered User: Wants to have a simple and fast interaction with the system. 
                       Wants to have the exact information stored in the system.
                       Wants to be able to plan a workout quickly.
    
Precondition: User is registered and has successfully logged in. User has added a workout.

Postcondition: Workout information is saved. Information is updated. Database is updated.

Main Success Scenario:

    1. Registered user arrives at home screen
    
    2. User chooses an existing workout
    
    3. System displays information of the selected workout
    
    4. User selects a workout
    
    5. User clicks "Plan Workout" button
    
    6. User repeats steps 2-4 until compeleted
    
    7. System displays a series of choices for the user to enter, including:
           the Duration of workout, the Date and Time of workout, and the
           additional Note for the workout
    
    8. User selects a category and enters information
    
    9. Information is updated and stored in database
    
    10. User is able to review workout before logout
    
    11. User logs out
    
Extensions:
    
    *a. At any time, Systems fails:
    
        1. User restarts the system
        
        2. User logs in
        
        3. User repeats the process of planning a workout
        
    8.a User selected the wrong choice before saving
       
        1. User clicks "cancel" to go to the previous page
        
        2. User repeats the process
        
        3. User clicks "Save" to save the information
        
        4. Information is updated and stored in the database
        
    2-9.a User decides to change information after saving
        
        1. User clicks "Plan Workout" button
        
        2. System displays a series of choices for the user to enter, including:
           the Duration of workout, the Date and Time of workout, and the
           additional Note for the workout
        
        3. User selects and enters desired information
        
        4. User clicks "Save" to save
        
        5. System stores information
        
        6. Information is updated and stored into the database