Use Case UC-REVIEW-04: Review Hydration

Scope: FitLife application

Level: User Goal

Primary Actor: Registered User

Stakeholders and Interests:
    - Registered User:  Wants a simple interaction with the system. 
                        Wants to be able to view hydration history.
                        Wants to be able to review hydration history. 
                        Wants to be able to filter by day, week, month, and year.
                       
Preconditon: User is registered and has successfully logged in.

Postcondition: Hydration information and trends are displayed to user.

Main Success Scenario:

    1. Registered user arrives at home screen.
    
    2. User selects "Review Nutrition" from home screen.
    
    3. System displays calender.
    
    4. User selects a specific day, week, month, or year from the calender.
    
    5. Hydration and diet trends and information are displayed based on selected timeframe.
    
    6. User reviews hydration and diet.
    
    7. User repeats steps 4-6 until finished.

Extensions:

    *a. At any time, system fails:
    
        1. User restarts system.
        
        2. User logs in.
        
        3. User begins scenario again.

    *b. At any time user navigates to new page:
    
        1. End process.
        
    4.a. User selects a specific day:
    
        1. Hydration and diet trends and information adjusted for that selected day.
        
        2. User reviews trends and information for that day.
        
    4.b. User selects a specific week:
        
        1. Hydration and diet trends and information adjusted for that selected week.
        
        2. User reviews trends and information for that week.
    
    4.c. User selects a specific month:
        
        1. Hydration and diet trends and information adjusted for that selected month.
        
        2. User reviews trends and information for that month.
        
    4.d. User selects a specific year:
        
        1. Hydration and diet trends and information adjusted for that selected year.
        
        2. User reviews trends and information for that year.
