Use Case UC-REPORT-01: Add Workout

Scope: FitLife application

Primary Actor: Registered User

Stakeholders and Interests:
    - Registered User: Wants to have a simple and fast interaction with the system. 
                       Wants to add the correct information.
                       Wants to be able to add a workout quickly.
    
Precondition: User is registered and has successfully logged in.

Postcondition: Workout information is saved. Information is updated. Database is updated.

Main Success Scenario:

    1. Registered user arrives at home screen
    
    2. User selects "Add Workout" from the side menu
    
    3. System displays a selection of different kinds of workout, and prompts for user's choice
    
    4. User selects a workout
    
    5. User clicks "Save" button
    
    6. User repeats steps 2-5 unil compeleted
    
    7. Systems captures the information
    
    8. Information is updated and stored in database
    
    9. User is able to plan and review workout before logout
    
    10. User logs out
    
Extensions:
    
    *a. At any time, Systems fails:
    
        1. User restarts the system
        
        2. User logs in
        
        3. User repeats the process of adding a workout
        
    2-5.a User entered undesired workout
       
        1. User clicks "Delete Workout" button
        
        2. System displays a confirmation message to reassure the action
        
        3. User clicks "Yes" to delete the selected workout, or "Cancel" to cancel the action
        
        4. System stores information
        
        5. Information is updated and stored into the database
        
    2-5.b User decided to change workout
        
        1. User clicks "Delete Workout" button
        
        2. System displays a confirmation message to reassure the action
        
        3. User clicks "Yes" to delete the selected workout, or "Cancel" to cancel the action
        
        4. System stores information
        
        5. Information is updated and stored into the database
